[Rel 63] Brand Kits Update (#778)
chili-publish/grafx-documentation: docs/release-notes/releaseposts/2026080601.md

---
draft: false
date: 2026-08-06T09:36:43
categories:
  - Releases
---

# CHILI GraFx Environment API: Descriptions for Brand Kit media and colors

![CHILI GraFx icon](/assets/icon-CHILI-GraFx.svg){.rn_icon}

## ✨ New & Improved

> ### Describe what each logo and color is for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Describe what each media item and color is for
```

> A Brand Kit tells you *what* your brand elements are, but not *when* to use them. A name like "Logo alt" or "Accent 2" carries meaning for the person who created it and very little for anyone reading the Brand Kit afterwards — least of all for automation. [GraFx Genie](/GraFx-Genie/) can only pick the right logo for a dark background, or the right color for a call to action, if it knows what each element is meant for.

Reviewer: the grafx genie reference is not supported yet, could we already mention it?

Author: I'd keep it there, to tease it. As it's aimed for this quarter.

Reviewer: not necessarily for clients though
